Find a quick fact, or dive down a Wikipedia rabbit hole with the official Wikipedia app for iOS. With more than 39 million articles in nearly 300 languages, your favorite free online encyclopedia is at your fingertips. 

App features: 

Explore feed - Discover the depths of Wikipedia through your explore feed, which surfaces handcrafted articles and captivating photos. The feed is constantly updated and includes:  

- recommended articles based on what you’ve already read
- featured articles hand-picked by the Wikipedia community
- daily top read articles 
- picture of the day
- random articles
- nearby landmarks 

Find and search -  Easily find what you’re looking for by searching within articles or using Spotlight. You can even search with your favorite emojis! 

Quick access - Add Wikipedia to your device's Today screen to pick up exactly where you stopped reading your last article, or see the top-read articles and trends.

Easy touch navigation, including 3D touch - Multi-touch gestures like swipe, tap, and 3D Touch features complete essential tasks more quickly and simply. 
 
Save articles - Save articles for reading later, even when you’re offline. 

Multilingual support - Search for and read Wikipedia articles written in any Wikipedia-supported language — there are nearly 300! 

Share - Easily share articles, images, and facts from Wikipedia on social media or by email. Or use Handoff to continue reading articles across your iOS devices.

Want to know more behind the scenes of the Wikipedia mobile app for iOS? Check out these resources:

To send feedback, from the app tap:
Settings Gear > Send app feedback

Contribute to our app localizations:
https://translatewiki.net/wiki/Translating:WikimediaMobile

Code at GitHub open source repository:
https://github.com/wikimedia/apps-ios-wikipedia

About the Wikimedia Foundation 
The Wikimedia Foundation is a nonprofit organization that supports and operates Wikipedia and the other Wikimedia projects. The Wikimedia Foundation is a charitable organization funded mainly through donations. For more information, please visit our website: https://wikimediafoundation.org/wiki/Home.